---
layout: post
title: Cucumber WiFi End User Terms
keywords: WiFi cloud management, cloud wifi, professional wifi platform, Cucumber Tony WiFi, wifi hotspot software, unifi firmware

---

Effective: October 31, 2015.

This Cucumber Tony Developer Agreement ("Agreement") is made between you (either an individual or an entity, referred to herein as "you") and Cucumber Tony Limited and governs your access to and use of the Licensed Material (as defined below).

PLEASE READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY LINKED TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPEARING OR REFERENCED BELOW, WHICH ARE HEREBY MADE PART OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT. BY USING THE LICENSED MATERIAL, YOU ARE AGREEING THAT YOU HAVE READ, AND THAT YOU AGREE TO COMPLY WITH AND TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS IN THEIR ENTIRETY WITHOUT LIMITATION OR QUALIFICATION. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT, THEN YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE LICENSED MATERIAL. THIS AGREEMENT IS EFFECTIVE AS OF THE FIRST DATE THAT YOU USE THE LICENSED MATERIAL ("EFFECTIVE DATE").

IF YOU ARE AN INDIVIDUAL REPRESENTING AN ENTITY, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE THE APPROPRIATE AUTHORITY TO ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF SUCH ENTITY. YOU MAY NOT USE THE LICENSED MATERIAL AND MAY NOT ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT IF YOU ARE NOT OF LEGAL AGE TO FORM A BINDING CONTRACT WITH TWITTER, OR YOU ARE BARRED FROM USING OR RECEIVING THE LICENSED MATERIAL UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

I. Cucumber Tony API and Cucumber Tony Content
A. Definitions

1. Content ‒ Cucumber Tony end user profile information, and any other data and information made available to you through the Cucumber Tony API or by any other means authorized by Cucumber Tony, and any copies and derivative works thereof.

2. Developer Site ‒ Cucumber Tony’s developer site located at https://www.cucumberwifi.io.

3. End Users ‒ Users of your Services, who are bound to enforceable service terms with you.

4. Licensed Material ‒ A collective term for the Cucumber Tony API and Content.

5. Services ‒ Your websites, applications and other offerings that display Content or otherwise use the Licensed Material.

6. Cucumber Tony API ‒ The Cucumber Tony Application Programming Interface ("API") and the related documentation, data, code, and other materials provided by Cucumber Tony with the API, as updated from time to time, including without limitation through the Developer Site.

7. Cucumber Tony Marks ‒ The Cucumber Tony name, or logos that Cucumber Tony makes available to you, including via the Developer Site.

8. Cucumber Tony Services ‒ Cucumber Tony’s offerings, including without limitation, those offered via http://cucumberwifi.io and Cucumber Tony’s mobile application.

B. License from Cucumber Tony. Subject to the terms and conditions in this Agreement (as a condition to the grant below), Cucumber Tony hereby grants you and you accept a non-exclusive, royalty free, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license during the Term solely to:

1. Use the Cucumber Tony API to develop and implement your Services;

2. Copy a reasonable amount of and display the Content on and through your Services to End Users, as permitted by this Agreement;

3. Modify Content only to format it for display on your Services; and

4. Use and display Cucumber Tony Marks, solely to attribute Cucumber Tony’s offerings as the source of the Content, as set forth herein.

C. Incorporated Terms. Your use of the Licensed Material is further subject to and governed by the following terms and conditions:

The Developer Policy, Display Requirements, and Brand Guidelines are collectively referred to herein as the "Developer Terms". You agree to the Developer Terms, which are hereby incorporated by reference and are available in hardcopy upon request to Cucumber Tony. In the event of a conflict between the Developer Terms and this Agreement, this Agreement shall control. None of the Developer Terms expand or extend the license to the Cucumber Tony API, Content or Cucumber Tony Marks granted in this Agreement.

II. Restrictions on Use of Licensed Materials
A. Reverse Engineering and other Limitations. You will not or attempt to (and will not allow others to) 1) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or translate the Cucumber Tony API, or otherwise attempt to derive source code, trade secrets or know-how in or underlying any Cucumber Tony API or any portion thereof; 2) interfere with, modify, disrupt or disable features or functionality of the Cucumber Tony API, including without limitation any such mechanism used to restrict or control the functionality, or defeat, avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate or otherwise circumvent any software protection or monitoring mechanisms of the Cucumber Tony API; 3) sell, rent, lease, sublicense, distribute, redistribute, syndicate, create derivative works of, assign or otherwise transfer or provide access to, in whole or in part, the Licensed Material to any third party except as expressly permitted herein; 4) provide use of the Cucumber Tony API on a service bureau, rental or managed services basis or permit other individuals or entities to create links to the Cucumber Tony API or "frame" or "mirror" the Cucumber Tony API on any other server, or wireless or Internet-based device, or otherwise make available to a third party, any token, key, password or other login credentials to the Cucumber Tony API; or 5) use the Licensed Material for any illegal, unauthorized or other improper purposes.

B. Rate Limits. You will not attempt to exceed or circumvent limitations on access, calls and use of the Cucumber Tony API ("Rate Limits"), or otherwise use the Cucumber Tony API in a manner that exceeds reasonable request volume, constitutes excessive or abusive usage, or otherwise fails to comply or is inconsistent with any part of this Agreement. If you exceed or Cucumber Tony reasonably believes that you have attempted to circumvent Rate Limits, controls to limit use of the Cucumber Tony APIs or the terms and conditions of this Agreement, then your ability to use the Licensed Materials may be temporarily suspended or permanently blocked. Cucumber Tony may monitor your use of the Cucumber Tony API to improve the Cucumber Tony Service and to ensure your compliance with this Agreement.

C. Geographic Data. Your license to use Content in this Agreement does not allow you to (and you will not allow others to) aggregate, cache, or store location data and other geographic information contained in the Content, except in conjunction with a Tweet to which it is attached. Your license only allows you to use such location data and geographic information to identify the location tagged by the Tweet. Any use of location data or geographic information on a standalone basis or beyond the license granted herein is a breach of this Agreement.

D. Use of Cucumber Tony Marks. The Cucumber Tony Marks may not be included in or as part of your registered corporate name, any of your logos, or any of your service or product names. Moreover, you may not create any derivative works of the Cucumber Tony Marks or use the Cucumber Tony Marks in a manner that creates or reasonably implies an inaccurate sense of endorsement, sponsorship, or association with Cucumber Tony. You will not otherwise use business names and/or logos in a manner that can mislead, confuse, or deceive users of your Services. All use of the Cucumber Tony Marks and all goodwill arising out of such use, will inure to Cucumber Tony’s benefit. You shall not use the Cucumber Tony Marks except as expressly authorized herein without Cucumber Tony’s prior consent. You will not remove or alter any proprietary notices or Cucumber Tony Marks on the Licensed Material.

III. Updates
You acknowledge that Cucumber Tony may update or modify the Cucumber Tony APIs from time to time, and at its sole discretion (in each instance, an "Update"). You are required to implement and use the most current version of the Cucumber Tony API and to make any changes to your Services that are required as a result of such Update, at your sole cost and expense. Updates may adversely affect the manner icumber Tony APIs following an update or modification will constitute binding acceptance of the Update.

IV. Ownership and Feedback
A. Ownership. The Licensed Materials are licensed, not sold, and Cucumber Tony retains and reserves all rights not expressly granted in this Agreement. You expressly acknowledge that Cucumber Tony, its licensors and its end users retain all worldwide right, title and interest in and to the Licensed Material and Content, including all rights in patents, trademarks, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets, know-how, data (including all applications therefor), and all proprietary rights under the laws of the United States, any other jurisdiction or any treaty ("IP Rights"). You agree not to do anything inconsistent with such ownership, including without limitation, challenging Cucumber Tony’s ownership of the Cucumber Tony Marks, challenging the validity of the licenses granted herein, or otherwise copying or exploiting the Cucumber Tony Marks during or after the termination of this Agreement, except as specifically authorized herein. If you acquire any rights in the Cucumber Tony Marks or any confusingly similar marks, by operation of law or otherwise, you will, at no expense to Cucumber Tony, immediately assign such rights to Cucumber Tony.

B. Feedback. You may provide Cucumber Tony with comments concerning the Licensed Material, Services or your evaluation and use thereof (collectively, and use of all Cucumber Tony Content. Upon termination of this Agreement, all licenses granted herein immediately expire and you must cease use of all Licensed Materials. The parties to this Agreement will not be liable to each other for any damages resulting solely from termination of this Agreement as permitted under this Agreement. Sections II, IV, V, VI and VII of this Agreement will survive the termination of this Agreement.

VI. Confidentiality
You may be given access to certain non-public information, software, and specifications relating to the Licensed Material ("Confidential Information"), which is confidential and proprietary to Cucumber Tony. You may use this Confidential Information only as necessary in exercising your rights granted in this Agreement. You may not disclose any of this Confidential Information to ar that you would use to protect your own confidential and proprietary information of a similar nature and in no event with less than a reasonable degree of care.

VII. Other Important Terms
A. User Protection. You will not knowingly: 1) allow or assist any government entities, law enforcement, or other organizations to conduct surveillance on Content or obtain information on Cucumber Tony’s users or their Tweets that would require a subpoena, court order, or other valid legal process, or that would otherwise have the potential to be inconsistent with our users’ reasonable expectations of privacy; and 2) display, distribute or otherwise make available Content to any person or entity that you reasonably believe will use such data to violate the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (located at http://www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/), including without limitation Articles 12, 18, or 19. Any law enforcement personnel seeking information about Cucumber Tony users will be referred to Cucumber Tony’s Guidelines for Law Enforcement located at https://t.co/le. You will not conduct and your Services will not provide analyses or research that isolates a small group of individuals or any single individual for any unlawful or discriminatory purposes. Exemptions to these restrictions may be requested for exigent circumstances and are subject to prior written approval from Cucumber Tony.

B. Government Use. The Cucumber Tony API and Cucumber Tony Content are "commercial items" as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. 2.101, consisting of "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation" as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212. Any use, modification, derivative, reproduction, release, performance, display, disclosure or distribution of the Cucumber Tony API or Cucumber Tony Content by any government entity is prohibited, except as expressly permitted by the terms of this Agreement. Additionally, any use by U.S.ough 227.7202-4. If you use the Cucumber Tony API or Cucumber Tony Content in your official capacity as an employee or representative of a U.S., state or local government entity and you are legally unable to accept the indemnity, jurisdiction, venue or other clauses herein, then those clauses do not apply to such entity, but only to the extent as required by applicable law. For the purpose of this provision, contractor/manufacturer is Cucumber Tony, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, California 94103.

C. Compliance with Laws; Export and Import. Each party will comply with all applicable foreign, federal, state, and local laws, rules and regulations. The Licensed Material is subject to U.S. export laws and may be subject to import and use laws of the country where it is delivered or used. You agree to abide by these laws. Under these laws, the Licensed Material may not be sold, leased, downloaded, moved, exported, re-exported, or transferred across borders without a license, or approval from the relevant government authority, to any country or to any foreign national restricted by these laws, including countries embargoed by the U.S. Government (currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Northern Sudan and Syria); or to any restricted or denied end-user including, but not limited to, any person or entity prohibited by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control; or for any restricted end-use. You will maintain throughout the Term all rights and licenses that are required with respect to your Services.

D. Warranty Disclaimer. THE LICENSED MATERIAL IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS", "WHERE IS", WITH ALL FAULTS AND EACH PARTY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTDER WILL MEET ANY OF YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT USE OF SUCH LICENSED MATERIAL OR OTHER PRODUCTS OR SERVICES WILL BE ERROR-FREE, UNINTERRUPTED, VIRUS-FREE OR SECURE. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY MAY NOT BE VALID IN SOME JURISDICTIONS AND YOU MAY HAVE WARRANTY RIGHTS UNDER LAW WHICH MAY NOT BE WAIVED OR DISCLAIMED. ANY SUCH WARRANTY EXTENDS ONLY FOR THIRTY (30) DAYS FROM THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT (UNLESS SUCH LAW PROVIDES OTHERWISE).

E. Indemnification. You shall defend Cucumber Tony against any and all actions you under this provision, Cucumber Tony will promptly notify you in writing of the claim(s) brought against Cucumber Tony for which it seeks indemnification or defense. Cucumber Tony reserves the right, at its option and sole discretion, to assume full control of the defense of claims with legal counsel of its choice. You may not enter into any third party agreement, which would, in any manner whatsoever, affect the rights of Cucumber Tony, constitute an admission of fault by Cucumber Tony or bind Cucumber Tony in any manner, without the prior written consent of Cucumber Tony. In the event Cucumber Tony assumes control of the defense of such claim, Cucumber Tony shall not settle any such claim requiring payment from you without your prior written approval.

F. Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT WILL TWITTER BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY END USERS FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO USE, DATA, BUSINESS, GOODWILL OR PROFITS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. IN ANY CASE, TWITTER’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED $50.00 USD. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY ARISES FROM ANY CLAIM BASED UPON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. INSOFAR AS APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS ANY LIMITATION ON LIABILITY HEREIN, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT SUCH LIMITATION WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY MODIFIED, BUT ONLY TO THE EXTENT SO AS TO MAKE THE LIMITATION COMPLIANT WITH APPLICABLE LAW. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITIES SET FORTH HEREIN ARE AGREED ALLOCATIONS OF RISK AND SUCH LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

G. Updates. Cucumber Tony may update or modify this Agreement, Developer Terms, and other terms and conditions, from time to time aBAits sole discretion by posting the changes on this site or by otherwise notifying you (such notice may be via email). You acknowledge that these updates and modifications may adversely affect how your Service accesses or communicates with the Cucumber Tony API. If any change is unacceptable to you, yo or asset sale, consolidation, dissolution, through government action or otherwise, except with the prior written consent of Cucumber Tony, Inc. Cucumber Tony, Inc. is authorized to sign modifications and consents on behalf of Cucumber Tony International Company, an Irish company responsible for the information of Cucumber Tony users who live outside the United States. Any attempted assignment in violation of this paragraph is null and void, and Cucumber Tony may terminate this Agreement. This Agreement does not create or imply any partnership, agency or joint venture. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to or application of conflicts of law rules or principles. All claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be brought exclusively in the federal or state courts of San Francisco County, California, USA, and you consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts. Despite the foregoing, you agree that money damages would be an inadequate remedy for Cucumber Tony in the event of a breach or threatened breach of a provision of this Agreement protecting Cucumber Tony’s intellectual property or Confidential Information, and that in the event of such a breach or threat, Cucumber Tony, in addition to any other remedies to which it is entitled, is entitled to such preliminary or injunctive relief (including an order prohibiting Company from taking actions in breach of such provisions), without the need for posting bond, and specific performance as may be appropriate. The parties agree that neither the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, nor the Unifis determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect.
